So let’s run a bunch of tests now. All of the tests will just look at counting things or seeing something exists we’ll need to create a virtual file system and scan it in. Just to make things interesting so we can deal with deleted files we’ll also delete some files and then do a rescan. The goal of these tests is to see how good a job the large language model can do That writing complex SQL queries within this limited range of problems.
Ideally you could just build out one Virtual file system but if that seems too complicated you could write another test function and build out another virtual file system.
I’m going to write the queries for now but for the next test you can take a turn at writing some.
I’m also going to delegate to you the provisioning of the mock File system, so that we can errors in the way it responds.
Often times I will say “this folder”. Eventually we’ll build out a system where we will process gestures but for now you’ll just have to rewrite the question for now to actually give a full path to the folder.
How many text files are there which are three weeks old (you will need to advance the timestamp so that we can have some old files and some new files. It would probably be good if there are more than one file at least three.)
How many text files are there in this directory (You’ll have to put in the correct directory and they’ll have to be multiple directories to make this test meaningful)
Are there any zero length text files in this folder
Are there any files with the exact creation timestamp in the children of this folder (Again you’ll have to provide the folder hierarchy. The result for this is only going to yes or no though maybe the large language model will decide to say how many there were. So maybe you should make sure there at least two)
Are there any MP3 files that are shorter than a minute in this folder Recursively.
Are there any duplicate files in the in these three folders? (Again we’ll have to give a list You could write it out right after this, The notion of duplicates is rather complex and may need disambiguation We will have to see what the large language model does with that if it is clever enough to figure it out or if it makes some assumption or maybe we’ll have to modify the prompt to clarify. Later we’ll have a more intelligent system asks the user for clarification when there is an issue and then we can experiment with how it keeps track of clarification but for now let’s just see what it does)
How many MP3 files Are there that were created last week.(Again this is potentially ambiguous Was it last week starting on a Sunday or was it All the files That are between 14 days and 7 days old. Set up a that will give a different number depending on what it assumes and then in the comments and I guess you could even print it out as well Try to determine which choice it made.
How many MP3 files were created last month that Are exactly the same length as one another (Again this may have some issues with ambiguity)
Did I add MP threes or waves of songs by the Beetles Yesterday or the day before?
Did I add any media files by the Beetles last month?
How many minutes of audio are in audio files in this folder?
How many mono files do I have?
How many files did I record yesterday that under are 30 seconds and are in stereo?
There is a function which allows you create media files without having to specify all of the parameters if it can interpolate some of the parameters from the ones who give it I forgot what it’s called you can use that if you want I think it’s right next to function that is used to create new files.
Note I dictated this and found that there some speech recognition errors I have gone through and corrected most of them if you find any additional ones please repair them For now we will only run tests well formed utterances later we will do a test that simulates speech recognition errors and disfluencies. You should probably add a comment after all of this reminding me to do that.
As I said ideally we can fit this into one test function call it test_2 If there are some issues with trying to for instance configure the Virtual file system appropriately then you can go ahead and create some test functions with the same naming convention and the special tests they are going to run.
Let me know if you have any questions before you begin.

In this project I’m experimenting with Lang graph. I’m trying to build a multi modal (speech and pointing) that is to say, Application for managing one’s files. At this point I’m focusing on the agentic side of things so there will not really be any user interface just a bunch of queries that I can run in tests to see how well the system would work if it did have a user interface. At this point I am not worrying about multimodal input. In the real system the user will do things like point to directory windows columns in list of files individual files ETC. But in this system we will just process natural language prompts without the descriptions of what the user is pointing to or access to a database of what they are pointing to.
I want you to create a new Lang graph application We’ll put it in app_2
Currently I have a very elaborate system to put the file directory system into a database. The database consists of file sightings rather than actual file listings acknowledging the fact that it doesn’t scan the file system continually. The database has 3 tables one of which lists the directories and the last time they were scanned another lists the files themselves. If a file that was previously seen is missed It is as missing and I believe the date may also be stored. So the system retains a memory of files it’s seen in the past but it doesn’t actually retain the files themselves at this point. We have to work within the constraints this File Manager is not the only way that the user manipulate the file system.
For the sake of testing I have also created a mock file system so add pretend files to it and then scan it into the database. So we will not actually be working with the real file system. This will make tests much safer obviously as well repeatable there is a very time management system that goes along with this for the sake of repeatability as well.
This application is going to start with one node that makes an LLM call. At this point I am using groq Because it is very fast and they have a free tier that may be good enough for now. Mostly it’s because of the speed requirements. You can see the example code in the directory called app. Anyway this call should return something the code will root into one of several Nodes. For now I want you to just create stubs for these nodes For the most part. I guess in a stub we will do something to acknowledge that the stub was called and then return gracefully. The first large language model must specify which branch in the graph to go down as well as provide information to it. At this point the information is in the form of SQL. We already have a graph which contains three nodes but it doesn’t branch The first node generates the SQL the second runs it against the database and then the 3rd  node Turns the result from the query back into natural language to tell the user about the results. This is used to answer questions like how many week old MP3 files do I have some directory. I would like you replicate these three nodes in the new system though the first node now also has the responsibility of determining which path to go down. The other branches will include :
A note that me generates a response to the user. Perhaps the first node can handle this so it just connects the terminal node Or perhaps it is better to have a node that thinks about the natural language a bit more. This node could have a higher Temperature I suppose since it’s not generating machine reading code. Yes let’s do that.
For example the user might ask how are you feeling today?
Another path would be to go out and make some kind of a web Access to get information. For now just leave that as a stub.
I think they’re sort of cases but the node itself can figure how to branch after that point. In one case the user might ask a question that requires research and then it can give a response for example what was the name of the first album made by the Beetles. Or in the second case it would have to get the information and I guess go back to the first node or something but not respond to the user for example how many songs do I have that are in the Beetles first album.
Another branch takes SQL And generates a table which will be used to rename move Or delete files. The SQL table should Generate a table that has two Columns The first column is the full path and name of the file to considered and the second Column is the destination. If no destination is given then the file will be deleted. You can put this into the prompt for the first but In the implementation of this node for now just put a loop that prints out the results and says what node was called.
For example the user might say delete All the files in some directory.
Another branch will copy files using the format of source and destination columns.
Another branch will do an SQL query to get a table which will be displayed. I guess we could implement that too in a real application this would actually open up a new window to display it but here we can just print it.
Another branch will do the same thing but it won’t display it in the real world but we can just do the same thing here. This would be used in Multi turn dialog where the user could describe some class of files and talk about it in a later Turn.
Another branch will extract a table using sql and then feed it A large language model. Perhaps it will feed it in chunks. This could be used to do such things as rename the files using artificial intelligence.
Another branch will extract a table and then the large language model will generate a call to some 3rd party application to process each row of the table. At this point just put in a stub that prints the fact that it was called and the information returned by the SQL query.
Generate a set of tests where we can look at each of these branching things to see if it works. You can borrow some of the test in Simple_agent_tests For the path that returns a single result.
Use the same structure that we have APP. Though if gets too big Maybe there should be a file for the actual nodes.
I’ve talked clawed in a separate session and I’m going to paste in also the thing it said about the architecture
Let me know if you have any questions before you begin. Please note this was created using speech recognition and there may be errors in this prompt For some reason the speech recognizer seems to be dropping words today.


3/9/2026
I want to be able to swap out mock files for some kind of real file system. I’d like you to create a base class that mock FilesInherits from. I want you to create a class called RealFiles This should have all of the functions that mock files has.

1)	I need you to create a class that I can use in place of MockFiles this class will be called RealFiles
2)	It should go in file_scan.
3)	It needs to have All the functions MockFiles  has
4)	I would like to use strong typing and checking so you need to :
a.	Create a base class in file_scan called BaseFiles That prototypes all of functions.
b.	And you need to inherit from that in both MockFiles and RealFiles
c.	Another chat with you recommends: from abc import ABC, abstractmethod
5)	RealFiles should also have a flag that if not set to true will cause an error if one attempts to do operation that modifies actual files. This is an added safety element and it should be set by default to false by default
6)	Go through and modify the places where MockFiles Are currently used so that When it is passed, we pass the base class. Do not change it to RealFiles
7)	Safety
a.	Move path_guard.py into file_scan
b.	Create a rapper class that I can wrap around either MockFiles RealFiles call SafeFiles Somehow I want to use this as mix in Not sure if Python supports this exactly but basically I want to be able to wrap either of these classes or anything for that matter that has the BaseFiles As it’s progenitor.
c.	This class overload all of the functions that would modify the disk in any way and use path_guard To see if it has ermissions to set change them.
d.	I guess we use multiple inheritance so that I can use the signatures of path_guard
8)	In BaseFiles and its child classes create a function called can_change
a.	This will take the full pass of a file and return true if the file exists and it has permissions to change it in some way.
b.	Permissions could be blocked if the file itself read only, if the real file system has its flag set false, For if the safety has marked the file or directory out of bounds.
9)	Testing SafeFiles
a.	In mock_files_system Create a test to ensure that the safety system is working correctly This should use the mock file system
b.	In file_scan/tests create an additional test which will use it with the real file system. I have created a folder named test_files and a subfolder called forbidden In which we can put some files to test this. I guess you could add a text file to “forbidden”. As it’s not going to be deleted it should be tracked by git. The test itself will have to add a file or two to tests. For added security write one set of tests that uses the check function rather than actually does anything. Create another set of which will actually modify the file system but don’t run this just set it up but such that the main does not call it I will have to look this code over before running it.
Let me know if you have any questions before you proceed




Create a new class in file_scan that gives the system access to the command line


Notes and problems
App_2
Copying over another file
We don’t currently have a method for dealing with cases when somebody wants to copy a file over another file
General We have a confirmation dialog. The copying mechanism will have different results for each of the files it tries to copy These need to be returned and then later process by a large language model in some way.
Rescan disk before actions
Before copying from a directory the system should scan the disk again. It should also scan it a second time to verify actions We’ll need a special verification procedure as well
Inconsistency
"Show me all the files in C:/Music/Beatles"
Produces a different result than
"list all the files in C:/Music/Beatles"
Testing display action
There are huge amounts of boilerplate in test_query_display.py Should be eliminated and many more tests created. We need to find methods for analyzing the returned responses that Can be easily specified in a simple test function.
Unnecessary display of path
Path is being unnecessarily listed.
Large scale responses
There will be cases where a large number of files need to be displayed to the user. Sometimes rather than assing them to the large language model directly and having it display them in plain text it might be best if it generated a table or if it produced a link the user could click on to see the list of things. maybe there would be cases were the System would respond with some natural language and pull up a few windows saying for instance the following files are already in the destination directory do you want me to copy over them. This could be further complicated by all the details of the files themselves the user potentially the option name the new copies in some way or even put them in a new sub directory etc.
Create a wrapper file systems that uses blacklist white list safety system.
Create a wrapper for the real file system that is interchangeable with the virtual file system they should have a base class and it should be passed around by this base class.

